Add `migrate` command for initializing open-next for existing Next.js projects (#1083)
opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare: .changeset/add-init-command.md

---
"@opennextjs/cloudflare": minor
---

feature: add init command to set up OpenNext.js for Cloudflare

> This command helps users migrate existing Next.js applications to OpenNext.js for Cloudflare by automatically setting up all necessary configuration files, dependencies, and scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command helps users migrate existing Next.js applications to the OpenNext Cloudflare adapter by automatically setting up all necessary configuration files, dependencies, and scripts.
```

> This command helps users migrate existing Next.js applications to OpenNext.js for Cloudflare by automatically setting up all necessary configuration files, dependencies, and scripts. It provides an interactive package manager selection (`npm`, `pnpm`, `yarn`, `bun`, `deno`) with keyboard navigation and performs comprehensive setup including `wrangler.jsonc`, `open-next.config.ts`, `.dev.vars`, `package.json` scripts, Next.js config updates, and edge runtime detection.

Author: yes, sorry this came from the first iteration of this and I forgot to check it 🙇
